feat(what-is): improve platform engineering page (#18888)
pulumi/docs: content/what-is/what-is-platform-engineering.md

Platform engineering can increase development velocity, improve security, increase infrastructure's adherence to best practices, and reduce operational costs through automation. It helps organizations increase the ROI on cloud investments and improves the software delivery lifecycle so that developers can ship new features faster.

> Many companies have already created dedicated teams for platform engineering. In its 2022 Hype Cycle for Software Engineering, Gartner predicted that by 2026, 80% of software engineering organizations would establish platform teams as internal providers of reusable services, infrastructure components, and tools for application delivery — a shift that is now well underway across the industry, from financial services to consumer retail (see the [case studies](#case-studies)).

Reviewer: The Gartner prediction is narrowed from the source's actual phrasing. Gartner's 2022 Hype Cycle for Software Engineering predicted this for large software engineering organizations specifically, not all software engineering organizations — and the prediction was made up from 45% in 2022, which the page doesn't surface. Both Gartner's own write-ups and multiple secondary citations consistently keep the "large" qualifier; dropping it overstates the audience scope.

```suggestion
Many companies have already created dedicated teams for platform engineering. In its 2022 Hype Cycle for Software Engineering, Gartner predicted that by 2026, 80% of large software engineering organizations would establish platform teams as internal providers of reusable services, components, and tools for application delivery (up from 45% in 2022) — a shift that is now well underway across the industry, from financial services to consumer retail (see the [case studies](#case-studies).
```
